what's going on guys welcome to comic
island my name is Joey and today I
thought about doing an unboxing video
now we will be unboxing the very first
shipment of the collector Corps mystery
box now for those who don't know Marvel
and Funko pop are teaming up to do what
little cat is doing so for loot crate if
you subscribe to them and pay them a
monthly fee they will send you a themed
mystery box I love the idea of the
mystery box but the only thing I wanted
was the good exclusive loot crate to
figure which I bought off eBay after
that every single theme park from loot
crate wasn't that interesting to me but
now marvel and Funko has teamed up and
is basically doing what loot crate data
which is to send out team the mystery
box but instead of sending out things
that I wasn't interested in by standing
up to collector Corps Marvel and Funko
will send out a Marvel movie themed
mystery box with an exclusive Funko pop
that will coincide with the latest
Marvel movie when we Cal this is exactly
what I wanted from loot crate but
instead of it being random themed all of
the collector Corps boxes will be Marvel
themed coinciding with the latest Marvel
movie with an exclusive Funko pop inside
and for the very first one it will be
about the Hulkbuster armor all right so
enough babbling let's get into opening
up the package all right see oh
right off the bat we got a collector
Corps tin see if I can show us a little
closer it's basically a Captain America
pin and up badge eclectic or badge with
the image of Ultron in front alright
oh here we go this is what I was looking
for if you guys can see this is the
Hulkbuster Funko pop but before we can -
that looks like where there is a small
little age of Ultron exclusive dorms
vinyl figure all right let's open this
guy up very nice looks like this guy has
a picture of Ultron in front so my guess
this is gonna be a ball Tron
alright here we are very happy looking
Ultron he's obviously not this happy in
the Avengers movie alright
put this guy aside for now this is what
I want if this is the funkopop
Hulkbuster armor I'll give you guys a
closer look in a little bit right now I
want to put this outside because I see
one last item here we are shirt from
collector Corps I'm gonna put this on
right now and show you guys what it
looks like and the shirt is on I forgot
to mention I didn't see this at first
but there is a comic book the Guardians
team up and Avengers alright I guess I
know what I'll be reading uh on my way
to work okay now let's take a look at
what I was super excited for this is the
Hulkbuster Funko pop now we always open
from up from the bottom because I
believe these guys do have their heads
bubble so you never want to open up from
the top yes in case of damages here we
go wow she is heavy I think I I don't
know how much how many Funko pops I have
I think I have over 50 this is the most
heaviest Funko pop I have now oh my god
so yeah his head does bobble a little
bit so I'm gonna pull the camera in a
little bit so and give you guys a
detailed look at the Hulkbuster Funko
pop alrighty guys so here we are
the Hulkbuster Funko pop it looks really
cool normally these guys aren't metallic
but the Hulkbuster seems very metallic
normally you have saved there was the
magneto one that came out you can buy
them in metallic color color or matte
color obviously everyone wants metallic
I'm very happy the fact that he is and
there's so many I'll show you guys a
better look at it there's so much detail
on this guy I mean from the back there
is just all of these holes and gizmos
and like the yellow on red it's is just
awesome of the Bethany bobbles he does a
bubble as well as some of the other
Funko pops that I have let's pull it up
example um it's good one the guardians
of the galaxy Groot bobble a lot more I
love putting these guys on my the hood
of my car the dash of my car sorry I
just watching a bubble around obviously
I'm not gonna put this guy in my car he
doesn't bubble way too much but someone
likes a goo or the other Funko pops I
have his mouth so much and I love that
alright let's put this one back ok so if
you've missed your chance of getting the
Hulkbuster Funko pop I know people have
been selling them on eBay when they get
their collector core box in the next one
will be on the ant-man movie coming up
and that's gonna be exclusive Funko pop
plug for that now from what I understand
you can't buy these in stores which kind
of really sucks cuz I actually want
another one but I'm glad that I have one
of this for myself I'll reach out to
collect the core see if they're gonna
give another box for those who missed
the first launch but yeah we'll go from
there and we'll see how it goes so if
you haven't already guessed I'm super
obsessed with these superhero Funko pops
that I use for my backdrop of them I
highly recommend signing up for
collector Corps that next box will be on
ant-man the upcoming movie and of course
you will get an exclusive ant-man vinyl
pop figurine that you can't buy in
stores and of course these figures often
go up in price like for example the
Hulkbuster as I said is valued a lot
more than what it is if you find them on
ebay right now I want to show you guys
something the very one of the very first
Funko pops I got was is Loki from Thor 1
I got it for $60 which is already high
already they normally come up for around
12 13 upwards of 17 dollars I got it for
$60 off eBay because I thought was
really cool and now I see it on eBay I
think the highest price point is here
was $300 what already guys thank you
very much for watching my very first
unboxing video if you enjoyed this video
and want to see more of me talking about
my Funko pop figurines let me know in
the comments below with enough requests
maybe I can go over my entire collection
I think I've lost count of after 50
figurines I know my collection is pretty
small compared to some of the other guys
that collect them but yeah let me know
what you guys think and thank you so
much for watching and of course if you
enjoyed this video please like subscribe
and I'll see you next time in another
comic island video